README.md, before:

# Neopolitan UI

A simple NUI based functional UI for FiveM. Using Lua's fast runtime, NUI & Vue.js, it has optimal performance over
other competitors' native-based menus while being more customizable.

## WIP

This project is a Work-In-Progress. Documentation is very uncomplete, and there are most likely bugs that need to be
weeded out. If you're reading this, use this at your own risk.

## Features

1. **Functional Design** - Many of the other NativeUI use Object-Oriented design, however this is completely functional based
2. **State Management** - An easy lua state manager to create, delete, and modify your menus and buttons
3. **Easy Menu and Button Manipulation** - One simple function to edit your menus and buttons
4. **Eventful Actions** - Events are easy to setup and even easier to use
5. **Templating** - You are able to customize the look of your button text and description using templates
6. **Lists and Checkboxes** - Buttons are easily able to be setup as lists and checkboxes, with the ability to modify them completely.

## Performance Optimized

This UI backend uses NUI & Vue.js instead of native-based drawing to optimize performance while rendering menus.

## Getting Started

If you are not a software developer, then you can simply download this script and load it into your FiveM server.

If you are, to get started using our menu backend for your script, head over to the
[Github Wiki](https://github.com/blockba5her/neo-ui/wiki).

## Contributing / Issues

-   `Issues` - Every and all issues with the UI backend are welcome to be submitted!
-   `Contributing` - All contributions through PRs are welcome! If you submit one, make sure it meets the code quality of the Github Actions.

## License

This repository is licensed under the MIT license. For more information, head over to
[LICENSE](https://github.com/blockba5her/neo-ui/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

tweak(docs): many changes to README documentation

README.md, after:

# Neopolitan UI

Neopolitan UI is a simple UI backend for FiveM taking advantage of NUI and Vue.js. It uses
these features to its advantage by having faster performance timings when compared to competitors
(like NativeUI). It achieves this while also holding customizability.

## WIP

This UI backend is a Work-In-Progress project. Although documentation is being worked on, it might not be up-to-date
or complete in the fullest, and there are likely bugs or missing features that need to be hammered out. There are also
possibilities of dramatic changes that would be breaking until 1.0.0 is officially released.

## Features

1. **Functional Design** - Many of the other NativeUI use Object-Oriented design, however this is completely functional based
2. **State Management** - An easy lua state manager to create, delete, and modify your menus and buttons
3. **Easy Menu and Button Manipulation** - One simple function to edit your menus and buttons
4. **Eventful Actions** - Events are easy to setup and even easier to use
5. **Templating** - You are able to customize the look of your button text and description using templates
6. **Lists and Checkboxes** - Buttons are easily able to be setup as lists and checkboxes, with the ability to modify them completely.

## Performance Optimized

This UI backend uses NUI & Vue.js instead of native-based drawing to optimize performance while rendering menus.
Levereging NUI & Vue.js increases performance by a large margin when compared to competitors (like NativeUI).
[//]: # (TODO: include a picture showcasing the differences in speed.)

## Getting Started

If you are not a software developer, then you can simply download this script and load it into your FiveM server under the name `neo-ui`.

If you are, to get started using our menu backend for your script, head over to the
[Github Wiki](https://github.com/blockba5her/neo-ui/wiki) to start learning, or see our
[examples](https://github.com/blockba5her/neo-ui/tree/main/examples).

## Contributing / Issues

-   `Issues` - Every and all issues with the UI backend are welcome to be submitted!
-   `Contributing` - All contributions through PRs are welcome! If you submit one, make sure it meets the code quality of the Github Actions.

## License

This repository is licensed under the MIT license. For more information, head over to the
[LICENSE](https://github.com/blockba5her/neo-ui/blob/master/LICENSE).
